CCompanion Disk
for
Microsoft QuickC Programming


     This disk contains all source code and include files
presented in Microsoft QuickC Programming, published in 1988
by Microsoft Press. We strongly recommend that you read the
pertinent sections of the book before attempting to run the
programs on this disk, as certain programs have special
requirements.

     NOTE: If you haven't done so already, please make a
backup copy of this disk before proceeding any further! It
is also recommended that you put a write-protect tab on this
disk and store it in a safe place. (If you are not sure how
to make a backup copy, refer to the DISKCOPY or XCOPY
commands in your DOS documentation.)

     For your convenience, the files on this disk are
organized into separate directories that correspond to the
appropriate book chapters. To access the files from within
QuickC, choose the Open command from the File menu, then
type the location of the files and press Enter. For example,
if the files are on a floppy disk in drive A, you would type
A: and press Enter. A list of directories, each
corresponding to a book chapter, appears. Press the Tab key
to move the highlight to the list of directories, use the
arrow keys to highlight the directory you want, and then
press Enter. The list of C source files in that directory
then appears--use the arrow keys to select the file you
want, and press Enter. The selected file is then loaded and
displayed in the QuickC editor.

     Every effort was made to ensure the accuracy of the
book and this disk. Should you encounter a problem, please
don't hesitate to contact us by one of the following
methods:

  Write to: The Waite Group
            3220 Sacremento Street
            San Francisco, CA 94115

       BIX: mwaite

Compuserve: 75146,3515

    usenet: hplabs!well!mitch


     Special Note: Certain programs, especially programs
later in the book, require the presence of a program list (a
MAKE file). If you encounter an "Unresolved external" error
message when attempting to compile a program, first check
the source file to make sure the name displayed with the
error message wasn't merely mistyped or accidently changed.
If the name is correct as it stands, a MAKE file is required
to compile and run the program successfully. Complete
instructions for creating a program list are presented in
chapter 5. In brief, the steps for creating a MAKE file are
as follows:
     1. Choose Set Program List from the File menu.
     2. A list of existing MAKE files (if any) appears
        Type the name of the source file (without
        an extension) and press Enter. A dialog box appears
        telling you that the specified MAKE file does not
        exist. Press the Spacebar to create it.
     3. QuickC displays a list of source files. Press Tab to
        move the highlight down to the list of files,
        use the arrow key to select the name of the file
        on which you're currently working, and press Enter.
        Press Tab three times until the Save List box has
        a double border around it; then, press Enter.
     4. Press F5 to recompile the file.
  NOTE: When you finish running that program, be sure
        to choose New from the File menu before loading
        another file.



NOTE: If this file scrolled too fast for you to read, and
you do not know how to control it, use one of the following
methods (assuming you're at the A> prompt):
      . Type TYPE README.TXT | MORE
        (If you get a "Bad command or filename" message,
         you'll have to use one of the other methods.)
      . If you have a printer attached to your system and
        it is turned on and ready to print, type:
        TYPE README.TXT >PRN
        The contents of the file should print out on
        your printer.
      . If your word-processing software can read ASCII
        (text-only) files, load this file into your word
        processor and print it.
     4. Pause the scrolling by holding down the Crtl
        key and pressing Num Lock. Press any key to resume
        scrolling.

REMEMBER! Make a backup copy of this disk, and put the
original disk away in a safe place!

